Let me know whenever you're here and if you can hear me well.
They're here.
I can hear.
They're starting to fill up.
I'm going to do a live tonight.
I was already making you all a video, and my wife came in.
She was working, filling out and doing all the Bibles.
We had over 200 new Bibles come in.
And so she said, "Brendon, I've got to get these Bibles to the people," but she was looking over the emails and seeing who wanted a Bible.
And she said she started seeing things about Poland tonight.
And she said that the Russians sent drones into the Polish airspace, and there was a response to it or whatever.
And so this is what I've told you all was coming.
As I was praying today and driving around our city and interceding for things like I normally do, I was praying for revival.
I was driving around the baby center and just praying around this area, just praying and saturating this area in prayer.
And the Lord was showing me, he said, "Brendon, I want you to go back and look at the visions that I've given you concerning the revival, about what it's going to take to get the revival.
" And it's great prayer.
Each place that I have seen has been places of great prayer, saturated in prayer.
So everything in the spirit is birthed into the natural by prayer, is what I'm trying to tell y'all.
But as we're praying, she showed me what's happening with Russia right now.
We just had our blood moon yesterday, and the Lord has told me the great Apollyon was coming out of the pit, and I saw that demonic-looking, devil-looking thing coming up out of the pit and spinning on the land all around.
It looked like a Tasmanian devil off of the Bugs Bunny cartoon, and it was spinning, spinning, spinning.
And it went over, and it started influencing Vladimir Putin to try to create greater war.
It was influencing him, but it started to oppress him, coming over him, and it was influencing him to create war.
And if you go back into the vision, I saw Russia attacking Poland by Warsaw with a weapon that has never been used before, and it will escalate to the point where it gets out of control.
We're coming against a spirit of war and antichrist, with what I've told you as we see today, the French government trying to say, "We want Emmanuel Macron out," and they're voting and doing all the things they're saying they're going to do.
But I saw Emmanuel Macron would rise up, similar as an Ishmael to the Antichrist of what's coming, that he would be tilling the soil, preparing the way, that the Ishmael is before the Isaac.
Isaac was behind a curtain, and it looked like a red curtain, and he was being groomed by demonic spirits.
And I'm trying to warn you all as we pray tonight together as a family.
We pray for this to deescalate.
We do not want World War III.
We do not want a major draft in America.
For I saw this thing getting out of control and a draft coming for the American people because there weren't enough servicemen and women to fight in this war.
And I saw them being drafted, young men and women.
And people say, "You saw women?
" I saw women.
I saw women that were—I don't know if they were voluntary, if they wanted to go or not, I don't know—but I saw them in a line, and they were headed towards Europe.
And if you go back to what I told you, I saw back like it looked like "I'm Dreaming of a White Christmas" whenever they were singing to the troops.
And you could see and hear the explosion in World War II behind them as they were singing "I'm Dreaming of a White Christmas," and you could see the bombs in the movie on that.
You know what I'm talking about—it was in the background.
That's what I was seeing in the spirit realm when I was praying into this war over Europe, that it would be like that, but it would be much more dangerous because of our modern-day weapons concerning this.
Then, as this was taking place, I saw strikes upon Hawaii, and I saw things happening in Hawaii.
So, a dragon shot out over the ocean into America, and it looked like a streak.
If everybody remembers this—and these are the things the Lord shows me—this was about the same time when I saw a barge coming down the Mississippi River, and there were Asian men on the Mississippi River barge, and they were trying to get grains.
It was oats, something coming out of the Mississippi, up top of the Mississippi.
And they had a weapon on this barge that had "USSR" on the side of it, and it was black and white.
It came out of the Gulf of Mexico, went into the Gulf, and shot out over America, over the Kentucky area, okay?
And when it did, it did not get high enough, and it detonated too low.
So, it was trying to create an EMP.
If you go back to these visions, I had these in 2023.
And the Lord warned me and he told me, "I want you to pray about this again.
" As you saw little Kim, Xi Jinping, Russia, all of them, on the third, have a big military parade, they all gathered, the ones that I've warned you and told you that had their cards in the background and they were laughing.
They said, "We laugh at you, Trump.
" I could go to their meetings; I was allowed to in the spirit.
I went into them, and I could hear them in their meetings talking, and they were laughing at Trump.
They were laughing at the things of what he's trying to do to crack his whip to create peace, saying, "You're going to do this; you're going to do that.
" And he was cracking his whip like a ring tamer, like a circus guy, and he was cracking his whip, and he was making the bear bow down and the dragon bow down for a split second, but it did not last.
The Lord said, "Remember?
" And as I saw him cracking the whip, he was trying to cause peace, and I've seen so many things of what the Lord has warned me to pray for peace over our nation, praying for peace over and for health for Trump, for his health, for his kids, for protection.
For this was an extension, as I saw—I've said this so many times, but I say it again tonight—an extension going into Venezuela to bring them into the BRICS, to bring Cuba into the BRICS, to bring Saudi Arabia, to bring other nations to make the BRICS strong to combat the American dollar.
And then I saw Canada and Mexico join up with America, creating their own currency that was stronger, that was trying to become—not borders in Canada or Mexico went away, it was financial borders.
They went away, and they became strong together.
Japan, Australia, the United Kingdom, and some other nations, they were all trying to come in to be with America, as Russia and these other nations were trying to create their own thing.
And it was all leading to the digital dollar, a digital one-world currency eventually.
This is what I saw when I was praying, and it would all lead into this crypto and the new industrial revolution.
And we've prayed over this as a family, warning you of this stuff that was coming.
But what's amazing to me is I catch so much trash from so many people.
"You're false; you're this; you're that," you know, and I just ignore it and just keep going.
But still, it cuts you a little bit.
Sometimes you go, "Okay, well, whatever.
I'm just here to warn you.
" I don't feel I'm a prophet.
I feel like a watchman.
I'm an intercessor; I pray.
My main job is to pray.
My main job is to stand on the wall and look out at the horizon of time and tell you what I see coming.
If you believe it, fine; if you don't, fine.
If you don't, then whatever, just turn me off.
But I'm here to tell you that what I'm seeing in Poland and I'm seeing in Russia is starting to manifest.
And if you don't take it seriously in the natural, your sons and your daughters will be fighting a war that we don't need to be fighting.
Many casualties is what I saw.
And an uprising in Israel like we've never seen before coming out of Turkey and out of Damascus.
And I saw men on foot coming.
And I saw the war drums being beaten by Turkey in the days ahead.
And they were beating their drums.
And there were massive drums as they were beating their drums and they were calling for major war, and eventually I saw Russia line up with Turkey and it was a financial thing that would be coming, more about money and about oil.
But as Trump would line up with Israel in the UN, and the votes and the things to come, I saw a blessing coming on Trump and on this nation.
That's what we're believing for.
We want to deescalate the war for a season.
I want revival.
I want a major harvest of souls.
And that's what we're after right now.
I don't want all the death and all this destruction.
It's crazy.
But I'm telling you, it's two sides of a coin.
I've told you a thousand times.
You can either focus on the dark or you can focus on the light.
And I choose to focus on the light and say, "Listen folks, there's a great mighty revival coming, but there's a great shaking to awaken at the same time.
There's many people that are still asleep in the body of Christ.
As I drive across the cities, even in Fort Worth this last week, people are asleep and they have no idea what's coming.
And I'm going to tell you what's coming.
Jesus Christ is coming, but he's coming back for a church that is awake.
He's not coming back for a church that is hiding and ready to abandon ship.
He wants to come back for a church that has a backbone like a crowbar, but it's going to take a shaking to awaken to get you all out of your sleep.
It looks like...
I pray it does not.
But I'm praying for revival.
I'm praying for this.
But I'm warning you, as what I see on the news today is what the Lord told us was coming two years ago now on this channel.
We've been warning you what the spirit of the Lord has.
And so we see it in the news today.
And that's alarming to me because of what I saw coming next, I go, "Oh no, this cannot be.
" But everything is a lack of prayer.
A lot of times I believe the body of Christ is the salt of the earth.
The body of Christ is able to pray and bind and loose and do the things that we're called to do.
And if we do it right and do it effectively, we won't have this trash.
But it's when righteous men and women do not stand up and have that backbone like a crowbar and take their authority, that's why we have what we have.
But if you do what Ephesians tells you to, even what I was reading today, reading Ephesians over and over and over, realizing who you are in Christ and that you're seated with him in the heavenlies, far above all principalities and powers and might.
You need to realize who you are.
And I had so many people say, "Well, you scared me last video, Brandon.
" I said, "I'm not here to scare you.
I'm here to prepare you.
And I'm trying to tell you what I hear in the spirit to tell you to pray.
" Perfect love casteth out all fear.
For fear has torment, and he that feareth is not made perfect in love.
Perfect love casteth out all that fear.
Why?
Because my father loves me.
My father protects me.
My father has me in his hand.
And he said that a thousand should fall at my side and 10,000 at my right hand, but nothing shall come nigh me.
He said that goodness and mercy are following me all the days of my life, and I will dwell in the house of the Lord forever.
But he said that we had to believe that and be believing believers in these last days and not be afraid of the terror by night nor for the arrow that flieth by day.
You know why?
Because perfect love casteth out all fear.
And if you're in fear and you're in torment, you need to get perfect in love.
Love never fails.
Love bears up under anything and everything that comes.
You have to get the foundation of love.
My father loves me and he'll not allow...
And you know what?
I told people...
people say, "Well, Brandon, you say a lot of things on here that are crazy.
Why would you say all that?
They might try to hurt you.
" To be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord.
You know what?
The moment I take my last breath, I have seen what's coming.
I have seen on the other side.
I've seen glimpses of heaven.
Folks, there's nothing here on this earth that is better than to be able to see on the other side in the glory.
Yeah, I want to live a long life and he said he would satisfy me and show me his salvation.
He said he would give me a long life if I'm believing for it.
But I'm telling you, there's nothing more on this side of the earth that you're fighting for.
We fight for life all the time to be here on this earth to go, "Oh yeah, we want to be here.
" But if you knew what was waiting for you on the other side, the only reason why is a lot of you haven't seen it and you're afraid of what's coming, and you're afraid of this and afraid of the plague that I told you that's coming.
They're planning a plague.
They're planning all these things and you say, "Well, I'm scared of it.
Are we really going to see aliens?
Are we going to see all this stuff?
" No.
I told you there's no such thing as aliens, folks.
It is demonic spirits.
That's demonic.
And the devil is coming as a distraction, a demonic spirit to distract to try to pull away from what God's about to do.
That's what all this AI and all this stuff is.
You won't be able to tell what's real and what's fake.
Do you understand?
It's going to be so real with AI, you're going to believe it.
Like whenever Trump said just a couple of days ago, he said, "Was that thing thrown out the window of the White House real?
" He said, "That was AI.
It was fake.
Those windows are sealed shut.
" But everybody believed that he was throwing stuff out of the window at the White House.
But he even said it publicly and said those windows are 600 pounds, nobody's going to lift those.
But everybody believed that he was throwing stuff out the window.
But AI was that real.
Now I don't believe he's lying, but I'm going to say to you all, it caused viral.
Everybody believed that Trump's throwing things out the window.
And what was it?
It was a black thing and it was whatever it was.
But everybody believed it.
What I'm trying to tell you is great deception is coming and you will believe what you see on the internet, and it's going to be that much of it deception.
So I'm trying to tell you, you have to be rooted and grounded in love.
You have to get this Bible down inside of your heart and have a foundation of it and have that backbone like a crowbar for what I've told you is coming, so that you're not...
It said many will be deceived in the last days, even if it be possible, even the elect.
Well, that tells you a lot right there, that somebody who is a veteran in the word has the opportunity, if he is not rooted in love and he is not grounded in love and he doesn't realize that perfect love, he doesn't have that foundation of the word, that he even has the opportunity to be deceived about what's about to take place.
So, I want you to have more of a word foundation inside of you and stop going from channel to channel looking at whoever sister who or brother who is prophesying what and find a word for yourself.
But I'm here to pray.
But I had all that to say first.
I just have an urgency.
It's serious.
This is serious stuff.
And people think, "Well, you know, I'm freaked out.
" Well, you should be if you don't have a word, if you don't know who he is.
Shakings.
I told you there's a shaking in heaven.
There's a shaking in the earth.
There's a shaking in finances.
And there's a shaking in politics.
And there's going to be a shaking in the church.
Five major shakings are coming and you're going to be shaken in all areas of your life.
You're going to see it.
And men's hearts will fail them for fear looking after those things that are coming on the earth.
But you as a believing believer won't be in all that.
You have to know who you are and say, "God is for me.
Who can be against me?
" His name is a strong tower, and the righteous run into it and they are safe.
I'm righteous, and I'm running into the name of the Lord.
The name, the name that is above every name.
The name that is above every name.
At the name of Jesus, every knee will bow and every tongue will confess that he is Lord.
His word is a lamp unto my feet and a light unto my path.
I will hide it in my heart that I might not sin against him.
But you got to get that word inside your heart today.
So, I'm trying to warn you all as I see all this.
Did it shake me a little bit?
Yeah, it bothered me because I've seen it, and I've had visions, and I've seen what's coming next.
But we have an opportunity tonight to pray as a family.
We're going to take communion, and we're going to pray, and we're going to use our authority, and we're going to be believing believers and not doubters.
We're not here to be limp-wristed Christians and be like, "Oh no, the sky is falling.
" No, the sky is not falling, Chicken Little.
It's time for the body of Christ to rise up and take their dominion and authority and do what God's called us to do.
Put your big boy pants on, big girl pants on, and let's get busy doing what he's told us to do.
That's what I tried to tell you.
How many people are here with us?
3,000.
All right.
Well, praise the Lord.
So, we got 3,300 people to pray with us right now.
We can do a lot with that.
Okay.
So, all right.
Well, let's take communion.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for the body that was broken for us.
I thank you, Lord, that we don't have sickness in our bodies.
I thank you, Lord, that we're healed by your stripes.
And as we take this body right now, you became sickness for us.
And we take this body in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord, that we're no longer sick because you became sick.
Galatians says, "Christ has redeemed us from the curse of the law.
And I believe that I'm redeemed from the curse of the law.
" According to Deuteronomy 28, all those curses, I'm no longer under the curse.
Jesus has set me free.
For sickness, I have health.
For poverty, wealth, for Christ has ransomed me.
You either believe it or you don't.
And Father, I believe it right now that you took it all on the cross for me.
And I'm healed and whole and well in the name of Jesus.
Now, I thank you for the blood.
And we make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us.
And we apply the blood of Jesus over this house right now and over my finances.
I plead the blood over my sin.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you said if I confess my sin, you're faithful and just to forgive us of our sin and cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
And I believe that, Father, today your blood covers me and washes over me and protects me.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, for that blood.
I thank you, Lord, that it's the blood that never loses its power.
It reaches to the highest mountain.
I believe, Father, that it flows through the lowest valley.
I believe, Father, that the blood covers me, Father, in the name of Jesus, and it covers my children.
It covers all that I need, Father.
Thank you, Lord, in Jesus' name.
And I thank you, Lord.
We bind any demonic spirits, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
I plead the blood over my ears and my spiritual eyes that I'm not snared by any familiar spirits.
That if you have something to show me tonight, Lord, you show us and you warn us of that which is to come.
We thank you, Lord, that the blood of Jesus Christ covers our ears, covers our eyes, covers our spiritual senses, and we're covered in the name of Jesus.
And we, God, we give you all the glory, honor, and praise for all that you show us and all that you do through this ministry in the name of Jesus.
Amen and amen.
Now, take the blood.
You do it.
I didn't give you all enough time to go get your elements.
So, I take a little bit of time here to let you take it.
I made that video today.
I usually don't put out two videos in one day, but I told Braden I was already making a video for tomorrow.
And so now you might have that one for—what is it?
Thursday, Wednesday.
Well, yeah, I know, but this can be Wednesday's.
Yeah.
So, because they'll get buried and they won't watch them all.
And there's so much in every single one that you need to be hearing.
So I thought, "Well, okay.
" And nobody has eight hours a day to watch Brandon.
I told her, I said, "They won't watch it.
It needs to be said here.
" Let's pray, you know.
All right.
Let's go tubing.
Who wants to go down the lazy river and pray?
Put in the comments section if you want to go down the lazy river.
Let's pray—the Holy Ghost river.
So, Father, we just thank you, Lord, right now in the name of Jesus.
I don't know what to pray in English, y'all.
I don't.
So, I have to pray in the spirit and get what the Holy Ghost is saying out of the spirit now.
And there's a lot of people, I told you, you don't believe in baptism of the Holy Ghost.
Well, I do, and we pray in tongues here at this house.
And that's what I believe, that it's for everybody.
Every believer has the ability to be praying in the Holy Ghost.
Read Acts chapter 2 and then get the book Why Tongues by Kenneth E.
Hagin.
If you want to learn more about speaking in tongues, get the book Why Tongues from Kenneth E.
Hagin and get that book.
It's on Amazon.
You probably get it for like a buck.
It's a dollar, like a dollar book.
And you can go on there and read that book and read it more than once.
Read it, and you say, "I want to be baptized in the Holy Ghost.
" Well, I believe today's your day.
You just pray alongside of me and yield.
Say, "Holy Spirit, I want to be filled with the Holy Ghost.
I want to pray in other tongues," and pray with me.
And I believe that the same Holy Spirit that gives me tongues will flow through you.
But he's not going to come and wag your tongue for you and grab a hold of it and say, "Listen, I'm going to flap your tongue for you.
" You've got to act out, put your boat into motion, and speak it out by faith.
Do you understand?
And it's going to sound like gibberish to your ears, but you just keep flowing with that out of your spirit.
And the more you do that and the more you yield, the more the Holy Spirit will take over you, and you're going to feel it.
It's like a river.
It's a bubbling, bubbling flow up out of your spirit, okay?
So, I tried to tell you all that because there's a lot of people who go, "What is he doing?
" I'm praying in the spirit, Acts chapter 2.
So, Father, we just thank you, Lord, right now.
We yield over to you and we thank you, Holy Spirit.
We're here, and we'll pray what's on your heart today.
We thank you, Lord, that we're always in the right place at the right time, praying and doing exactly what you've asked us to do because we're believing believers that believe that we have power to change things, that we'll tread on serpents and scorpions and nothing shall by any means hurt us.
We believe, Father, that we are the salt, that we're in the last of the last days, and we will do exactly what you've called us to do.
And we will do it with great boldness in the mighty name of Jesus.
The moment I closed my eyes and I started praying right then, I started seeing Germany.
Germany came really bold.
I see the flag.
Tell me whenever it's been about 30 minutes, and then tell me at the half hour, son.
Okay.
Thank you for the gift.
Put it on silent, honey.
Now the Lord said, "I'm taking you in a different direction.
I'm seeing it.
So back off.
You wait.
" Accuracy.
Accuracy.
Whenever you're hitting it on the target, not just screaming at it in tongues, but hitting it on the target, you can feel it.
You can feel the river of it.
You flow with the river of it.
You can feel it.
And if you get in the pulse, it's kind of like when you hit a vein.
You can hit it, and you see it when it's either dry or there's blood there.
That's the way—it's gross, but it's the way I see it.
You hit it and then you know you hit a gusher, and you've got to flow.
You've got to flow into that vein.
So that's what I'm watching.
I see black upon the land.
I see black upon the land, and I see purple in the sky.
And I don't know why I'm saying that, but I'm talking about this—it is so black upon the land.
It looks like molasses.
It's as dark as molasses, black as the night sky.
Black like onyx upon the land over Poland, over this area.
Now I'm seeing Berlin, and Berlin is highlighted to me.
And it's the same spirit of Hitler.
It's the same spirit.
I see Hitler.
I see the swastika.
Watch North Korea.
I see him in the background.
I see him.
There is a devised plan.
I see it clear.
He comes out of the shadows, and he comes bold in front.
Kim, I see you bold in front.
He was in the shadows for so long, and he's coming up front.
He's coming up front, and they're standing side by side.
And I see Cuba.
I see Cuba with new springs of this growth coming up out of Cuba.
We call a diffusing of this in the name of Jesus.
I hear alliances have been made on a greater scale.
Alliances have been made.
What's interesting about this is India is in the background, and I see Modi—not stepping in it, but being a strategic ally in it.
Does that make sense?
Some say two-faced, but not in it.
It's like a strategic ally, as I see Modi.
I see Taiwan lit up really big right now.
I see Taiwan, and I see China as a two-phase—two things at one time.
Two things at one time: Russia and this.
As they're distracted, as they're distracted.
Canadians.
I see Macron.
The finances are in trouble.
The finances of their nations are in trouble.
And I see Germany.
I see Italy.
The euro as a whole.
I don't know, I just pray in the spirit over that.
Some things I see, I just get quiet, I just go, "Oh, no.
" You know, your flesh can't get involved in it.
You have to keep in the spirit about it when you're praying over it.
And you don't let your natural mind get a hold of it, because your natural man perceiveth not the things of God and what you're seeing.
So you don't let your mind, your flesh get involved.
You've got to stay in the spirit concerning it.
And you don't let fear in when you start seeing stuff.
I go, "Okay, I'm not going to let my emotions get involved in that.
You know, I'm going to pray in the spirit concerning that.
" And so I don't allow...
sometimes when I'm seeing something like that, I have to pause, you know?
It hits me like you hit somebody with a dish rag.
It slaps them a little bit, and that's why I go, "Okay, I've got to pause a little bit.
" We pray over Trump to have wisdom on how to handle this, on how to respond to certain things, that he is not moved by emotion, but he's moved by the Spirit.
For those that are led by the Spirit of God are the sons of God.
And we believe that he is led by the Spirit of God because he's going to become a radical, born-again Christian, not moved by his emotions or what people say.
He takes no counsel from the ungodly, that he'll hear godly voices.
He'll hear godly instruction from the Holy Spirit speaking to him, showing him how to lead this nation—not out of emotion or out of a reprobate mind, but hearing the Holy Spirit, taking no counsel from the ungodly, that he would have godly counsel, not a reprobate mind.
Do you understand?
This is very important.
So, we pray over his mind.
We pray over him that he is led, filled with, and controlled by the Holy Ghost.
That he would have a radical visitation in the middle of the night in the White House or wherever he's at.
Father, I call a radical visitation of the fire of the Holy Spirit on President Trump and his family, that they would know You in a way that is not familiar, all to the glory of God.
I thank You, Father, that there's a stirring on the inside of him right now in the name of Jesus, even at this very hour.
All of us are praying over him, lifting him up.
We lift him up in the name of Jesus, over his health, over his wife, over his marriage, over his children, and his grandchildren, that no weapon formed against him would prosper.
I cover him in the blood of Jesus, over his mind, that he has the mind of Christ.
I thank You, Lord, that God has not given him a spirit of fear, but of power, and of love, and of a sound, well-balanced mind.
And I speak a balanced mind, a balanced thinking over him, that he is filled and led by the Holy Ghost in the name of Jesus.
I pray, Father, for godly people around him in the Oval Office, that they would speak godly wisdom and godly understanding of the Word over him in the name of Jesus.
It's like an onion.
You keep pulling back layers, and there are layers and layers and layers to this.
Okay.
Praying stability in Japan as a strategic ally.
Do you hear me?
This is very important.
We need Japan to stay as an ally.
I'm hearing this.
They will not flip with China and go over there.
I see Japan as a strategic pawn concerning this in-between battleground.
South Korea and Japan are trying to be brought underneath the wings of the mother hen, as a mother hen would gather her chicks.
This is what I see right now in the spirit realm concerning Japan and South Korea, strategic allies to the United States, trying to be brought back underneath communism in a greater way with China, the Iron Curtain.
Same with Taiwan, like a mother hen gathered her chicks.
This is the plan.
Strategic people, but we wrestle not against flesh and blood, ladies and gentlemen.
We know this.
It's the spirits behind this thing in Japan right now.
I'm seeing concerning strategic allies financially and a de-escalation of the war.
Do you understand?
Like Japan, and I see the whole place—this thing, like I said, is like an onion with layers.
So what I'm seeing, and I keep seeing all around the world, I'm seeing strategic things and praying into this.
So I'll just keep praying as the Lord reveals, as He just keeps showing me little things here.
I heard the enemy within instantaneously when I was praying over Japan.
Then I started seeing the southern border again and what has come over over the last four years.
And then I saw the enemy within as an uprising.
It's almost like I've seen it again: ants coming up out of the ground.
Ants coming up when you poke the den, and the ants come up out of the ground.
I see an enemy within—a strategic enemy within.
Red Dawn, all hidden things be revealed, for there are many distractions in your own homeland.
One fire after another fire, a strategic plan, distraction within.
Like many 9/11s—not many like many little, but many both.
Do you understand?
It's about strategic distractions because you're too busy putting out your own fires, trying to put out for all the stuff that's going over here.
They want the old Soviet Union back, Putin.
It's a spirit behind him.
Soon when I see a strong BRICS.
This is when now I'm seeing food shortages again.
I see food problems.
I see supply chain problems similar to what it was back in April.
All that trade stuff, the trade war.
And I called you all, and I told you all months before: trade war with China, trade wars.
But we're not here for fear.
We're not here for fear.
I'm not going to even say what I just saw out of my mouth.
I'm just going to say this: we have power and authority, and that's what we're going to do.
I can't drop too much.
I can't say too much.
So it's not about fear.
I want to tell you that we're not going to get all upset about this.
You're going to keep praying into it, and we have power to change things.
And that's why the Lord's called us here: a million men and women prayer army.
Prayer army—that's what we're called to do here, and that's what we're going to do.
We're going to change things through prayer.
So, I believe we're already making great headway tonight.
You know that.
Now, I pray over Israel.
I see it, Lord.
I know.
I pray for the peace of Jerusalem.
I pray for your people, Lord.
I pray a hedge around and about this land, a de-escalation.
We send our angels out right now.
We send the angels right now in the name of Jesus, warring on our behalf.
No more to go.
We're seeing the word fulfilled: there'll be wars and rumors of wars.
The Lord just said, He just said, 'Brandon, what you're seeing is wars and rumors of wars.
' These signs are going to happen.
You can't stop this stuff.
Do you understand?
There'll be wars and rumors of wars.
I feel the presence of the Lord so strong.
Oh Father, we love You.
Oh, how He loves you and me.
He gave His life.
What more could He give?
Oh, how He loves you.
Oh, how He loves me.
Oh, how He loves you and me.
He gave His life.
What more could He give?
Oh, how He loves you.
Oh, how He loves me.
Oh, how He loves you and me.
Jesus, oh Jesus, we love You so much, Father.
There are so many with so many needs today.
There's so much that You've shown me tonight—so much detail.
So many people in their lives involved in this, but none of it matters if you don't know Him.
We can pray and we can say all these things and intercede for the nations, but the bottom line is that we're coming down to the wire here, and Jesus Christ is coming.
We're at the last of the last seconds before Jesus comes.
We're about to see a New World Order.
We're about to see a new digital dollar.
We'll see all these things because the Bible told us we would.
We'll see wars and rumors of wars, plagues, and pestilence.
We'll see all those things because the Bible said we would.
But He also told us that it's appointed unto man once to die, and after that the judgment.
And you may be watching me right now and you've never experienced the baptism of the Holy Ghost.
You've never experienced salvation.
You've heard a lot about Jesus.
You may have been born in church, raised in church.
You may have been at a point in time really on fire, but you've backslidden.
You're far away from the Lord right now, and you're like, 'Man, He'll never accept me back.
I've done so much wrong.
' But tonight, you have the opportunity to come home.
I'm talking to one individual person right now.
I know for sure because I see you.
And the Lord tells me, 'Tonight's your night.
' He's wanting you to come home like the prodigal son, where the father had the robe and the fatted calf, and the son messed up and spent all his inheritance, lying in a pigpen.
That's you.
You're all dirty.
You're all messed up with sin again, and you think, 'There's no way I can go home.
' But tonight, the Lord wants you to know He has forgiven you the moment you confess it.
When you confess it, it's not when the Lord found out about it; it's whenever you got rid of it.
But tonight, you may feel that you're here and you're like, 'Man, this is so awesome.
I feel the presence of the Lord.
I can sense the presence of the Lord, but will He accept me again?
' But I'm here to tell you that you're not here by accident.
You're here because the Holy Spirit draws you here, and you're feeling that tug on your heart right now.
And you're feeling, 'Man, I just want to come home.
' And today is your day and your opportunity to come home.
I'm going to say a prayer with you right now, and I want you to know that today's your opportunity to forget all that stuff.
The moment you confess it and you repent of it, you get rid of it.
And today is your day for a brand new start with the Lord the moment you say this prayer, the moment you mean it with all your heart.
And I may be talking to you right now, and you're watching this, and it may be later—I don't know.
It may not be on this live stream because there's thousands of people who watch this afterwards.
But I know that there's a person that right now, you're watching.
You're at the end of your rope.
You're ready to maybe self-harm.
Your marriage is in shambles.
You've got all these issues with all kinds of addictions, and you're bound up by so much stuff, but you're just looking for some hope.
You're just looking for a fresh, clean—can I just have a breath of fresh air?
You feel like you're being tugged underneath that water, and you're fighting with every breath to get up to the water's surface again and just take a deep breath of air.
That's what you feel like spiritually.
That's what you feel like mentally and emotionally: 'If I could just have a fresh breath of air, I feel like I'm dying.
' But you came tonight, and you have a fresh opportunity to have that fresh breath of air.
But not only to have a fresh breath of air—Jesus is pulling up a lifeboat for you.
And He's saying, 'Jump on in, son.
Jump on in, daughter.
Today's your day.
I've got a boat.
I've got it ready for you, and you no longer have to tread that water.
I'm pulling you up.
' Just like He pulled Peter out of that water when Peter started to sink and said, 'Master, I'm falling.
' He grabbed a hold of him and He pulled him up out of that water.
The moment he took his eyes off Jesus, he started to sink.
But Jesus was there, an ever-present help in a time of need, grabbing him out of that water.
And you may be watching this video right now, and Jesus has pulled up a lifeboat.
But He's a gentleman.
That's what's so amazing about my friend: He is a gentleman.
He'll never force His way on you.
He'll never.
Now that you open the door, just like you did, and the devil came in and he took him out, right?
But Jesus is standing there.
He's knocking: 'Can I come in?
Can I come back in?
Will you let me have your opportunity?
' You're that child with that broken car, that broken toy, saying, 'Daddy, can you fix it?
' And He says, 'I specialize in messes.
I specialize in fixing things.
This is my opportunity.
I want to show up and show off in your life.
Will you give me an opportunity to do that again?
' If this is speaking to you right now, and you're watching this right now live, and you feel that tugging at your heart to want a fresh start, I want you to put it in the comment section right now.
I want you to say, "I need a fresh start.
I need a fresh start with Jesus today.
I feel that tugging on my inside.
I feel him.
And today I surrender all.
" If you're watching this right now and you feel that tugging on your heart, you feel it.
Today's the day of salvation.
Well, "I'll do it later.
I don't know, not today.
" You may not have tomorrow.
No one is promised tomorrow.
The very shoes you put on today to go to work or go do whatever you're going to go do, the undertaker might be taking them off that evening.
Do not procrastinate.
Do not give an opportunity for the devil to rob you of eternity.
I believe that today you're here and it's time to give your heart to Jesus.
Put in that comment section right now.
Put it in there.
If this is speaking to you and you feel today is my day, "I need to be saved.
Today's my day.
I'm coming home.
" Now, I'm going to say a prayer with you.
I'm going to say it live right now.
Jesus died publicly, and you need to be public about your salvation.
You need to be public about your decision today.
You need to say it right now: "I need Jesus.
" Even if there's just one of you, I believe he leaves the 99 to go after the one.
Just you.
So, I'm going to believe with you right now, and I want you to pray this.
You might be watching this later on.
I don't know, but I feel a tugging to do this.
So, I'm going to pray this prayer, and I want you to repeat it after me.
Just a simple prayer; a 5-year-old could do this.
It's not a big deal.
You don't have to make it all religious.
I hate religion.
You can ask my wife; we love relationship.
It's about relationship to us.
It's not about what denomination you are—whether you're Catholic, Baptist, or Methodist.
"Well, you're not Catholic, Brandon.
You're not Baptist.
You're not this.
" I love Jesus, and that's all that matters.
I am a radical Christian that loves the Lord.
I am non-denominational.
I don't claim any of them; I claim Jesus.
So, don't worry about that kind of stuff.
It's petty stuff.
So, I want you to say this out of your mouth, and you say, "Jesus, I'm coming home tonight.
I want to sell out for you.
I ask you to forgive me for turning my back on you, for you've never turned your back on me.
You were always waiting on me, Lord, as I made my dumb decisions.
But today, Lord, I want a clean start.
Today, Lord, I sell out again to you.
Wash me in your blood.
Cleanse me from all unrighteousness.
Thank you, Lord, that my name is written in the Lamb's Book of Life.
Forgive me, Father, for my sins.
I'm coming home again, or I'm coming home for the first time.
Thank you, Lord, that my name is written in the Lamb's Book of Life.
And from this day forward, I turn my back on the devil.
I turn my back on the world, and I'll serve you with all my heart from this day forward.
I'm sold out.
I'm sold out to you, Lord.
I'm sold out to you, Jesus.
Wash me clean.
Thank you, Lord, that I'm saved.
I believe you're the Son of God.
I believe you died for me and you rose again on this third day.
Thank you, Lord.
From this day forward, I believe I'm born again.
From this day forward, if I sin, I'll be quick to repent, and I'll turn my back on the world again.
" If you skin your knee, folks, a dad is always there, ready to pick up his child, brush off the knee, and clean it up.
You don't run from God when you sin; you run to God.
You don't run from him and hide like Adam and Eve did; you run to him and say, "Daddy, I need you.
" We all mess up.
We all sin and come short of the glory, but we come to him and he washes us.
We didn't earn it, and we don't deserve it; that's called grace.
So, as you said that prayer, I believe you got born again.
I believe today you have a new start.
I thank you for being here.
Now, if you just got saved and you just said that sinner's prayer with me, I believe that you just got that new start.
But hey, what do you do?
You need to go and find a Bible-believing church.
I'd say a non-denominational church—that's what I would go to—and I would find a church that teaches the Word.
Go there, look up one in your area maybe, and tell them, "I need to be water baptized.
" Go and get water baptized.
Plug into that church there.
Go there every Sunday.
Go there on Wednesdays.
Whenever they have the doors open, get there and get strong, because you're a baby and you've got to get on the milk of the Word, and then you get onto the meat of the Word, and you keep growing, and you go from glory to glory to glory.
That's what you're going to do.
That's what the Bible says we'll do.
And you find your Bible, and you read your Bible every single day.
Make this Word a priority in your life and be a believing believer.
But how you do that is you read this Bible every single day, and you pray, and you seek him, and you fast.
You just seek him every day, and you have a relationship with him.
It's not religious; it's relationship.
And that's what you need; you need a relationship.
You don't really need religion; you need Jesus.
And Jesus isn't a religion; he is a relationship.
He's the Son of God.
He loves you.
So, that's what you're going to do today, and that's what I want you to continue to do.
You say, "Well, Brandon, I don't have the money to buy a Bible.
" Well, you came to the right place because Diana—she's in there right now getting the Bibles ready.
There's 200 of you all that just got born again a couple days ago, and we're filling out those Bibles, sending those out right now.
So, we'll give you a Bible for free just for getting saved on our channel.
We just love you so much, and we're excited about your decision today, and we want to give you a Bible completely free.
We will send it to you.
All you have to do is...
there's an email in the description down below, and just put, "I got saved on your channel and I need a free Bible," and Diana will send it to you hopefully really soon because she's working on it right now.
My wife is working on it just for all the new believers that are coming into the kingdom of God.
I just want to say it's an honor that you would be here today and that you would give the opportunity to accept Jesus Christ.
You're running out of time, folks.
The ark door is closing, and many of you all do not know it.
You're like Lot in the middle of Sodom and Gomorrah in your city, and you don't even realize that something major is about to take place.
It's called the rapture of the church.
We have a short window here for a major harvest of souls before the Lord Jesus Christ comes and gets us.
Many people believe it's September 23rd.
I believe we have a little bit of a window here to bring in the lost as much as we can.
God is calling.
He's leaving the 99 to go after the one.
This is the one last call, just like I had the vision and he came to me and he said, "Brandon, I saw all the sheep upon the ground.
There were sheep in the back.
There were black sheep, sheep with spots, heavy sheep—I'll call them heavy sheep—skinny sheep.
There were sheep that were waddling around, sheep that looked like they were blind in one eye.
There were all kinds of sheep all over the ground, out eating in the pasture.
And Jesus stood on the hill, and his heart was longing.
I had this vision, and his heart was longing for every single one of those sheep.
And I could see the sun was setting on the time, and it was barely cracking.
And he said, 'Brandon, the dispensation of grace is about to be over, and they're about to step over into tribulation.
' And I saw the sun was barely cracking above the horizon of time, and all of a sudden, the Lord's voice became a horn, and I saw a horn come up out of him like a horn.
" It was like a shofar.
And he started saying, "One last call.
One last call.
" And all of a sudden, the sheep would turn around and start to hear him as he said, "One last call.
" And I could hear it echo throughout the whole valley of this place where we were at.
And he was standing on the hill and he started saying, he said it several times, "One last call.
" And Jesus was waiting, and he was standing up there in this beautiful gown with his robe, and he had all these patches and things on it, and I could see him and he kept saying it: "One last call.
" And as he was saying it, the sheep started to run.
Some of them in the very back didn't hear him.
They were still eating and they were grazing, and they were in black and white.
They didn't look like they were listening.
But there were some sheep that were heavy sheep and they were waddling, all of them running to him as fast as they could get to the Father, and they were running up that hill before it was too late because he was saying, "Brandon, there's one last call.
I'm giving you one more opportunity, for the ark door is about to close.
For as in the days of Noah, so will it be when the Son of Man returns.
" And the ark door is closing, ladies and gentlemen.
And there's many of you that don't realize it.
And that's why I gave the altar call tonight.
I pray with all my heart that you take this seriously, for we're running out of time.
You're running out of time.
As we see the days approaching, as we see the signs of the times escalating on a day-to-day basis.
Don't become a frog in water as the pot begins to boil and you lose that sense of awareness because the temperature is rising.
It's rising all around you.
It's rising every single day.
That temperature is rising.
The pot is beginning to boil, and a lot of you are the frog in that pot because you don't see it.
He that has ears to hear, let him hear what the Spirit is saying.
He that has eyes, let him see.
If you don't have your spiritual senses turned up and that antenna on your radio, you've got to tune in to the broadcast to hear what the Spirit of the Lord is saying.
That's why I believe many of you come here to hear what the Spirit of the Lord is saying.
I tried my best to have a clean conduit every single day to hear clear messages from the Father to give them to the people.
We are human.
The message is always pure, but it comes through an impure vessel.
The pipe has some stuff sometimes wrong with it, but we're all a work in progress.
And we're here and we're going from glory to glory as he's changing us from the inside out.
Every single one of us is a work in progress.
There's none of us that's perfect.
We're only perfect by his blood.
But I'm excited you came tonight.
I don't know how long we've been here.
An hour and 20 minutes.
Hour and 20 minutes.
Praise the Lord.
How many do we have with us?
4,300.
But I'm going to tell you, I've seen a great harvest.
I've seen North Korea getting saved.
I saw them falling like stars falling upon North Korea for the greatest harvest of souls.
North Korea's never been reached like it's about to be reached.
The Iron Curtain is coming down for a season.
And you're about to see a major harvest of souls in North Korea.
They're one of the forgotten.
The Lord said they feel that they have been the forgotten ones.
And, "I have not forgotten my Asian people.
I have not.
" And there's a wave of the glory coming across the land.
And you're going to see the greatest harvest of souls come across Asia like you wouldn't believe.
I'm telling you all, I've seen it.
And the underground church, if you remember what the Lord said to me when I went to heaven, I was standing on the side of heaven.
He took me out of my body in the middle of the night and I could see the edge of heaven, and Jesus had tears in his eyes and he looked across Asia and there were gold streams all across Asia.
I could see them.
And I said, "Lord, what is that?
" And he said to me, he said, "Brandon, that's the underground church.
" And they were like streams.
It looked like veins.
And he said, "My gospel cost them something for the great persecution that they had for what they went through to get it out.
The gospel cost them something," and it was dear to him because of the suffering that they went through.
But I'm telling you, there's a great revival about to take place all throughout Asia.
It probably has already started, but I'm telling you, we're about to hear about it soon.
And it's going to be all throughout the Middle East, all throughout South America, Africa.
It's going to be beautiful, ladies and gentlemen.
Healings and demonstrations and manifestations of the glory like you wouldn't believe, like I'm telling you, that are going to be shock and awe.
And that's what the Lord was showing me.
The AI is coming out right now to try to—the devil's trying to deflate what God is about to do, to say, "Oh, it's just AI.
It's just that.
That's not real," because that's how much of a shock and awe that the body of Christ is about to see in this end-time outpouring.
And they'll have to try to explain it away.
"Oh, you just saw that?
That was just AI.
His arm grew back.
Oh, no.
That's computer-done, lady.
No, no, no, no, no.
" What you're about to see is the greatest demonstration of the glory.
It's going to blow your mind what's about to happen.
And the enemy is trying to be ahead of it to say it's just AI.
Watch what happens.
But it will be too much to overthrow.
That's what I'm talking about.
AI doesn't have anything on it.
They'll try—the dead raising, the blinded eyes opening, the ears, the demons getting cast out.
It's time for the church to be that church that we're supposed to be.
No boundaries of, "I'm Baptist, I'm Methodist," all this.
I'm talking about a church of the Lord Jesus Christ operating as one body.
We've let so much stuff separate us, and the Lord said it's time for us to come together like in war times, like when World War II happened.
That's what I saw.
Everybody coming together, all hands on deck for one more revival, one great push.
So, I'm excited about it.
I see it all the time when I'm praying.
And then I see the thousand years.
The Lord allows me to see the thousand years.
And I've seen glimpses of it and how beautiful it will be with Jesus ruling from Jerusalem and how amazing that thousand years will be.
I'm telling you, ladies and gentlemen, the best is yet to come for the believer.
God has so much for us.
So, I don't know.
Are you done?
It's pretty good.
I feel like it's good.
I feel a release.
There's still a lot there to pray about, but it goes in waves, you know.
I feel the Holy Ghost in waves.
You feel the wave come back and I feel it go to pray again.
You know, that's what we do.
I do it all day long, but I felt an urgency to pray about Poland.
And so, we just pray over Poland.
There are some things that will happen.
The Lord said you'll see an escalation of things.
And so, we pray for our people to be protected.
And we pray for President Trump to have wisdom.
The Lord said to me, he said, "Brandon, you be so thankful in the days ahead that Trump is in the White House for what's coming.
There'll be so many of you that will be so thankful that he's in the White House.
" And I'm not trying to be political.
I'm trying to tell you what the Holy Spirit said.
You will be so excited for what's coming.
You'll be like, "Oh, thank the Lord.
" That's why we pray for him to stay strong, for his heart to stay strong, for his body, for him to stay strong in his mind and all of it.
It's important now more than ever to intercede for our leaders.
So, praise the Lord.
I pray this video blessed you all tonight.
I really do.
I pray that it lifted you up and that you feel stirred up and feel like you can conquer another day tomorrow.
And we're so grateful for every single one of you.
Thank you for your love gift.
Our phone dinged earlier and people are just being kind to us.
I just want to say thank you.
The chat and all the super thanks or whatever those things are called, we're so grateful for every single one of you.
It's changed our life, and just being so nice causes less stress.
I just want to say thank you.
God bless you all for all your love and support for me, and your encouragement.
Whenever you have a lot of other people that try to knock you down and everybody tries to be kind, you have a lot of kind emails.
We had this one, Diana was so excited about this 80-year-old person that was sending us funny GIFs today and we laughed so hard about this person.
I don't know who it was, but they were sending us these GIFs of things and saying that they wanted to be young and all this, and it was the funniest thing.
And I'm telling you, I get a kick out of some of your emails.
I told Diana, "Isn't that fun?
They're just doing it just to love on us and to say that they're praying and supporting us.
" And it's just awesome.
Just a kind email instead of the Karens that try to be mean.
You go, "Okay, whatever.
" But God bless y'all.
It really is true.
We pray for you all the time and we pray that God lifts up your spirit and you have what it takes to get through this.
We're here.
He didn't put you here to fail.
He put you here to be successful and to be prosperous and have an abundant life that overflows in these last days.
We are called to be the salt, not to hide and retreat in caves and be like, "Oh no, the sky is falling.
" I don't believe that.
It's time for us to rule and reign.
So, God bless you all.
Remember, oh, could you do me a favor?
Could you subscribe?
It's free.
People are asking, "Brendon, does it cost me something to subscribe to your channel?
" No.
Subscribe.
Click that bell.
Click that notification.
Click it.
We're believing.
Did you know we almost have a thousand subscribers in Germany right now?
All to the glory of God, ladies and gentlemen.
But we're reaching Germany for Jesus right now.
And it is amazing.
We have eight channels.
Eight channels.
And each one of them has well over—well, we have a couple of them that don't, but almost all of them have over 10,000.
Right.
That's a major deal to have eight channels have over 10,000, and some of them have up to 20,000 and 30,000, and that's each one of them.
And we're getting all kinds of people saved on those channels.
On the tribulation video and the one last call we put up there, Braden put it up, and we're having 8,000 views.
8,000 on one last call in Germany.
That means that's how many people watch it to give their heart to Jesus Christ because that is a great salvation message of that one, and that's the German people.
8,000 people watched that.
And we have 136,000 on One Last Call in China.
136,000 people watched One Last Call in China.
And that's amazing to me.
That's reach.
That's what it's about.
Our channel is about getting the lost saved.
All this other stuff, I just don't want to get caught up in all of it.
Just keep telling people Jesus is coming.
Being that Paul Revere in the midnight hour going through there, instead of saying, "The British are coming, the British are coming," saying, "Jesus is coming, Jesus is coming!
" Yelling as loud as you can, telling people that they're running out of time and it's time to get saved.
And that's why even our one Hindi channel—well, I don't know what you're talking about.
Yeah, I know that channel, but I didn't know how to say it right.
Yeah, yeah, it's Hindi.
Hindi channel.
Hindi channel is growing too.
And I didn't know if it would.
We have 700 people on the Hindi channel now.
And that is pretty cool, huh?
So each one of them is almost at least a thousand people watching.
4,000 in Russia.
Almost 15,700 in Spanish.
20,300 in Portuguese.
21,300 in South Korea.
Yeah.
And then 24,100 in China.
24,100 in China.
How many in Japan?
1,100.
1,100 in Japan.
So, all the glory to God.
Do you understand?
That's a big deal for a guy that was a janitor for all these years.
And He just said, "Start a YouTube channel and tell people I'm coming.
" And now we have eight channels and each one of those is throughout the whole world and people are hearing it.
Those are subscribers.
That's not views.
Yeah.
We have thousands of views on each one of the videos.
Thousands.
I wish they'd stick around and subscribe, but that's all right.
But we're believing for a million men and women prayer army to raise up prayer warriors for these last days, that they would pray with us and get the gospel out and tell people that we have power to change things in prayer.
So, we're excited that you're here.
That's what I'm trying to say.
I said all that to say that, to give you all a recap.
So, do they have any questions at all?
I don't know.
It's not very long of a live stream, so that's why I was trying to delay a little bit unless they wanted to pray more.
But I felt released.
An hour and a half.
Hour and a half.
Just like last time.
But this time, I didn't really talk that much.
I only talked for a few minutes.
I've been trying to keep it shorter.
Don't talk so much and pray more.
How long did I talk today?
I didn't talk very long, did I?
No, it was like 20 minutes.
20.
Yeah.
So, we only prayed for an hour.
No, more.
Yeah, yeah.
An hour if that.
And then we had an altar call.
So, that was not that long.
Yeah, I should have prayed longer.
Got to pray.
You got to pray more, talk less.
So, is there any questions?
Do they have anything?
That's it.
I don't have a phone, so I can't really...
It's recording on my iPhone right now.
Hey, you know the new iPhone came out today.
So on the 12th I hope to get it.
I want to order it.
So hopefully it will be a better picture for y'all when you're looking at me.
I don't know what the camera will be, but they supposedly have the new iPhone.
You have to get the new thing for y'all.
Hopefully, it'll be a better live stream whenever I'm recording with it.
It's a.
m.
in Poland.
a.
m.
Have they struck anything?
Has anything else happened over there?
I don't think so.
What was concerning about tonight's vision was the stance that I saw Kim Jong-un with his hands on his hips, and he was standing next to—he had his chest out.
I can go over the vision.
I can go over some of the things I saw.
You want to hear it?
I'll tell you the details if you want to hear some of it.
Did they say yes?
I'll tell you details.
I'll tell you what I'm seeing because I don't stop to tell and describe things to you because of the fact that it's disruptive.
But I'll tell you the details of what I saw in the spirit when I was praying.
And I saw Putin and he looked like the Burns guy on The Simpsons again.
And he had, you know, that guy with the long nose that's evil on The Simpsons.
I don't know why the Lord shows Putin as this man, but he has that bald head and he looks like that on that Simpsons character.
And I'm not trying to be funny.
It's just what I'm telling y'all.
And so then I saw him and he was cackling.
He was doing his fingers again like that.
He looks evil.
But then as I was looking upon, all of a sudden Kim Jong-un was standing in the background like this.
He was back behind him, and he came up and walked right next to him.
He stood next to him with his chest bowed out.
His chest was bowed out like he was proud, and he had his hands on his waist, in a stance like Superman.
That was the way he was standing, and he had a look on his face of just being proud, and he was more in the forefront.
He came from the back to the front, standing next to Putin like they were buddies.
Then I could see upon Poland, all around Ukraine, all up in here, I saw darkness upon the land.
It was as black as my Bible.
It was as black on the land.
And as I was looking up, I could see purples.
I could see different swirls of colors above the land, above the sky, which I don't understand.
It was like it was dark, kind of like you would see if it was an EMP attack—like it was complete darkness, no electricity, darkness.
But then I saw Berlin, and I hate to use this because of what it is, but I'm just going to tell you what I saw.
I saw the swastika come out of it, or out of that Hitler spirit.
And I know I'm not talking about that being German; I know it's a very sensitive subject.
I'm just telling you what I saw.
I know that's probably touchy, but it came up out of the land.
It came out of that, and I saw it out of Berlin, and I saw it come over here, over this area.
But as I was watching towards France, I saw France in financial trouble.
I saw Canada in financial trouble.
I saw Germany in financial trouble.
I saw Italy, and they were having a plan in this vision—I could see them doing something together to try to navigate a way to have financial stability.
I have to remember everything.
So then I saw Cuba, and it was highlighted, and the water around Cuba was crystal clear blue.
But then it had a line, and Cuba started to glow and started to become alive.
And I saw a spring of growth again coming up out of Cuba with leaves coming onto Cuba.
And it was growing, but there was an extension.
And I could see it had a line going from Cuba, like an internet cord coming out of Cuba into Russia, into that area.
It looked like an extension cord making Cuba alive, and it started to glow around the border with an electricity-like light.
I'll explain it to you like this: when you see a cloud with the sun shining through the clouds, and you see the cloud glowing with light around it, and it comes through and is bleeding through from the sun on the edges of the clouds—that's the way Cuba looked.
But as it started to glow on the outskirts of the island, on that landmass, a new fountain of growth came up out of the middle of it as an extension cord was extended to them.
It looked like electricity.
Then I could see China devising a plan to take Taiwan.
And I could see Taiwan alone—alone.
They felt alone, they looked alone, they were abandoned, they were alone.
Australia was kind of over to the side; I could see them and they weren't doing anything, but they were alone because of what was happening in America.
I saw, like when you rewind a tape on a VCR in the past, and you could push the rewind and you could see the picture rewinding, and the people moving back.
It was speeding before my eyes: people coming across the border from the south, and they were moving in slow motion as it was being rewound.
I could see them going back over the border but playing forward again.
And the Lord said, 'The enemy within, a Red Dawn experience.
' And the way He said it was He cupped His mouth, and I could see Him yelling it: 'A Red Dawn experience!
' That's why I just did that.
That's what I saw.
And I saw cells all throughout the midst of America of people that had come across the border, all like a movie being played back and forth in fast-forward motion or slow, and they were moving across the border.
So then they came across the border and they stayed there.
And I saw cells of people waiting to come up as ants out of a den.
And I saw, as they poked this over here, a distraction in here.
And as the distraction was in here, they were able to do what they wanted to do over here because you're trying to put out fires.
So then I saw Hawaii again, and I saw an escalation of things in Hawaii.
And then I saw Japan.
Thank you, son.
My son never forgets the visions.
He helps me because there's so much there.
So then I see Japan, and I see trouble in the waters, trouble in their government.
It's like whenever you hear a bunch of people chattering and talking all at once in a big crowd, like in parliament, when there's a whole bunch of people speaking at one time, and there's a lot of distraction but there's not one main voice.
That's what I saw.
They were all talking in Japan, but there was no one voice.
There was no leader.
And in this, there was Chinese influence from the Chinese government to disrupt the government in Japan, making too many voices—not one voice, many voices, no leader.
So there was no leader, there was no leadership in Japan.
As I'm seeing in this, so many voices, and I could hear the voices and the chatter inside Japan.
As I see this, I see an extension from Japan to South Korea.
And the same, though not as bad, was still going on, with a line going from North Korea into China, like a highway that was going in, trying to influence South Korea's government, like an extension cord.
But it was lit up like it was with Cuba, so I see them attached there.
But then I see a massive hen, and it was a red hen with lots of feathers.
And she took her wings and she tried to bring them in.
She tried to bring in South Korea, Taiwan, Japan—these Asian countries—to the mother hen.
She's trying to scoop them up, influencing them, trying to bring them close to the mother hen, which was China.
And the Lord said, 'Pray for the influence of Japan for a strategic ally to the United States of America with South Korea, for He wanted this to be established as strategic allies for us concerning the gospel.
' And I don't know what that means, but that's just what I'm seeing.
I'm trying to tell you all I get; I hear in part and see in part.
So that's that part of it.
So then I see what I told you about...
I think I...
Did you see Mark?
Yeah, I saw Mark.
I saw Mark in Canada, but he didn't look like he knew how to lead.
He just looked like he was confused, like, 'What do we do now?
' But he was listening.
Mark was not thinking for himself; he was listening to the extension cord that was into Europe with the scorpion, and he was trying to devise a plan of, 'How do I stay on the ship with you all?
' because he doesn't like our president.
So he was trying to devise a plan: 'How do I go along with you all, staying buddies with you all across the water into Europe with their plan, with their agenda, with what they're wanting to do, separated from the American thinking?
' He wanted to line his thinking up with Macron and with the others, which is a sinking ship, because I saw Trump was his own thing.
So, does that make sense?
Yep.
I think I said everything, did I?
As I was praying, and many...
Yeah, that's what he saw.
Many—and He used the word—many 9/11s.
Many, and they were not small, not like when you run planes into the side of the...
trying to...
like these are the fires, trying to put these fires out, trying to create chaos in the motherland.
Us trying to...
you know, like you're always on that edge.
Remember when I told you I was driving around, and I even remember where I was—I was in the downtown Tulsa area—and the Lord said to me, 'The security you feel on a day-to-day basis, they'll try to challenge it in the days ahead, so that you do not...
like you go, "Well, what do you want to do today, honey?
"' Well, let's go to the mall.
Well, let's go to the grocery store.
Well, let's go do this.
You have to not be Christians—I'm not talking about the body of Christ, I'm talking about strategically in the world—that they would start to think, 'Is it safe to go to the baseball game?
Is it safe to go to the hockey game?
Is it safe to go to the movie today?
' Freedoms that you take for granted on a day-to-day basis in America, where you just wake up and do things, would be challenged in the days ahead so that people would not live freely.
They would live bound with fear.
That's the enemy's plan: to take away your freedom to just live, so that you have to be strategic, thinking, 'Is it safe to?
' because you would always have it in the back of your mind, 'Is it safe to go to church today?
' They are trying to take away those freedom boundaries.
And that's what I saw again.
So that's why, do you understand the power of prayer?
That's why this channel is so important.
That's why you are all gathering together.
If you don't gather here with me, pray with your own prayer group at your own church.
It's not about Brandon.
It's not about Diana.
It's not about Braden.
It's about Jesus.
And I'm going to tell you this: if you're not praying with us, pray with somebody.
Have a prayer group at your church like we do at our church.
Pray, pray, pray, pray.
You have to be a pillar of prayer in these last days.
Do not...
you know, it's like Jesus said, 'Can you not tarry one hour?
Could you not pray with me just one hour?
' Y'all are sleeping.
Get up!
Stop sleeping at the wheel.
It is time to pray more.
That's what the Lord was showing me.
So, I think that is it.
Yeah, they're asking if you saw the plague again.
No, I didn't see the plague today.
I don't believe so—no, not today.
I didn't see the plague again, but I have seen it recently.
I keep seeing spurts of it.
And that's what the Lord keeps telling me: this plague is serious.
And like I said, Brandon, don't be in fear.
Be...
oh, He did show me food shortages.
Remember that?
Yeah, He did show me that.
The Holy Spirit reminded me of that right when I said that I saw...
because of China and the escalation of this, I saw—and I don't know why, the supply chain thing, and something with the escalation of the supply chain—but it was about pharmaceuticals again.
And that's what I said: I'm not trying to push fear, I'm trying to tell you something to pray about, okay?
So don't be all, 'Oh my god.
' I'm not trying to stir up fear; I'm trying to tell you to pray about this.
It was about pharmaceuticals again.
I saw certain medicines that come from China.
Pray about this.
But what was interesting in this vision, when I was seeing that, it stretched, and I could see it going from Louisiana all across the South.
And I don't know what that was about, but those states were highlighted to me the most: Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, Georgia.
They were highlighted the most to me, and I don't know why, but I was seeing supply chains.
But when I got there, I saw they were lit up.
They were lit up.
And so, but like I said, it could be the whole of America.
I don't know.
Like I said, I see in part, I hear in part, and I don't go off of everything I see very quickly.
I pray about it, and He gives me clues, and He gives me these little things, and He says, 'Keep praying over this.
' That's what my gift is—that's what the Lord gives me.
And I pray all the time.
That's what He shows me: 'This is what you're going to do.
' And I take breaks, and I spend my day praying in the spirit.
Pray, pray, pray.
And you just keep going, and He shows you what to pray about.
But now He's told me to do it publicly.
I've been doing this since I was like 16 years old, praying over things.
And the older I've gotten, the more it grows.
Usually, before, it was family or whatever, and the Lord showed me things, and I'd pray over family or friends or whoever, and the Lord would give me things for our pastor, and that's what's happened over the years.
But praying over the revival and stuff, so I don't know.
So is that fun?
That's better, huh?
So they can at least know a little bit more detail.
Do they have any more questions?
If not, I'm going to go.
What did you see?
I saw a war trying to support your economy.
And that's why I was saying, and that's whenever I was praying, that the Lord said to me, 'There'll be wars.
' And I saw the verse lit up: 'There'll be wars and there'll be rumors of wars.
' This stuff, some of it will not be stopped.
This stuff will happen, but you pray protection over your household and your family, for there'll be wars and rumors of wars.
And the Lord said to me—and that's when I saw the verse—it was highlighted.
That verse was highlighted before my eyes when I saw that.
And then that's when He said to me, 'You will not stop all this.
Some of this will happen.
Keep praying into it.
' He said, 'But it's not for you to fear.
Do not be afraid.
Know that everything's okay.
You know, we're just in the last days.
We're the closers.
' Isn't that exciting?
I think that's exciting to say we're the closers.
There will be a generation that will not taste death, and we are that generation.
I believe it with all my heart.
Wormwood water.
Poison water.
You didn't see that.
No, I didn't.
He didn't talk about that.
Yeah.
He didn't say anything about wormwood, did he?
The last one you saw, remember?
You saw the calendar.
The last prayer session, you saw a calendar and then you saw towers behind it.
Yeah, I saw the towers behind it.
And I saw the calendar, and it went October, November, December, in the first year.
But on that last prayer video, I saw the buildings.
Okay, so there were buildings, and each one of the buildings...
Okay, I'll describe this to you.
In that last vision, in the last prayer service, the buildings went up like skyscrapers, like you're in New York, a skyline like a street, the buildings, you know.
Like when you're looking at...
okay, so I would be at the level of the buildings, like I'm standing way over here, but I'm looking into the city and the buildings were completely blacked out.
But I knew they were buildings because each one of the buildings had lights that were square, and each level of the buildings was lit up.
But as the vision went on, the lights became more and more, the further the months went.
At first, there were not very many lights on.
Now, I don't know why, and I don't want to add to or take away from anything or say to you why I believe these lights are on in these buildings.
I don't know.
But as the months went on, the lights became more pronounced.
They were bigger.
There were more.
And each building started to glow all around there.
And instead of just one building glowing, as the months went on, the buildings all around started to come on, and the lights came on.
I don't know why, but even the small buildings that were lower—so you had big buildings, medium-sized buildings, and small buildings—as the months went on, all the building lights started to come on and it started to glow like a beautiful scenery.
But at first, the lights were off, and there were only a couple of big buildings that had their lights on.
And as it went on, the lights came on.
And that's what I saw, and I saw it kept growing in the lights.
And I thought that was kind of neat.
I don't know what that meant, but I saw it.
So, what else did I see in the last video?
Oh, I saw John Hagee's church.
Yeah, I saw John Hagee and I saw a place of revival.
John Hagee Cornerstone Church had some kind of new somebody.
I don't know who it was, but they had a golden coat on.
They had a golden suit that was shiny and metallic.
It had a paisley print, beautiful like that kind of calligraphy, like whenever you see that kind of artistry on a suit.
It was a light, faded-out gray, like silver on top of gold.
So the gold jacket the man had—whoever this was—he had a white shirt with a tie, and a golden jacket that was metallic and shone like gold.
That's how shiny it was.
It had an overlay with a light silver pinstripe design that looked like a coat of many colors, but silver and gold.
It was beautifully designed all over the sleeves with embroidery—that's a better way to say it, maybe.
But that's the way the coat was.
And then I saw Joel Osteen's church.
Many people have discredited him and said, "Well, he's not radical enough.
He's done all these things.
" And I'm just telling you what I saw, okay?
But the Lord said, "I'm going to use this place as a place for people to gather for the major harvest.
" All these major sanctuaries were full of people gathered for the end-time outpouring—Lakewood, Cornerstone—and these were churches in Texas.
As I was looking across, the Lord said, "Each one of these places, Brandon," he said, "each one of these places will be full of people.
" So I don't get into, "Well, this one's this.
" No, I'm talking about the body of Christ working together, regardless of whether you like the way somebody preaches or if they're not radical enough for you.
I get all kinds of emails, but listen, I love everybody and I pray for everybody, regardless of how radical they are, or how on fire you think they should be, or if they are too in the world, or whatever.
I'm talking about praying for revival in everybody's hearts, that we're all here for a purpose and we're here right now, and God is going to use every single one of us if we just say yes.
It's time to get excited and say, "Jesus Christ is coming," and not have petty differences and say, "Yeah, you know what, they should be a little bit bolder about what they believe and be more radical.
" It's all hands on deck right now, and He's going to use the Methodists, He's going to use the Church of Christ, He's going to use whoever will say, "I'm hungry and I want to be a part of this end-time harvest because the harvest is plentiful by the billions and the laborers are few.
" So I saw that across the land.
I saw many people being used, I saw many churches, and then I saw elders.
He said, "Pray for John, for his heart, Hagee's heart, for him to live long and finish strong.
" I saw to pray for his health, concerning his health, to pray for this man's health.
I didn't realize he was 85 years old, but I saw to pray for his health.
And I saw him standing in a line next to another man.
I'm not even going to say his name—it doesn't matter—but I saw these two men, and I saw other men coming beside them.
There were a lot of elders; that's all the Lord allowed me to say.
They were standing there and the Lord said, "Pray for these men.
I told you there will be a changing of the guard concerning certain people, and they'll go home, but there are certain people who have had a voice, who have had a great revelation of the Word, and we need them to stick around because you need elders to help these young ones out.
" You learn from your elders.
You learn from these fathers of the faith who have been here for decades, who have lived it and experienced it.
That's why I pray for Billy Burke; I pray for these people.
They're in their 70s and some of them in their 80s, and we need them to stick around.
They may have a background position, instructing from the sidelines like a coach while the other young guys are playing the game, but you've got to have a coach who has some knowledge so you win.
You have some Holy Ghost knowledge over here.
When you live something, you can say something.
A lot of these young bucks don't know anything; they're just starting out like me.
That's why I'm always gleaning.
I'm asking these elders, "Please show me.
" Humble yourself to the elders and say, "Listen, help me.
I don't have everything all figured out.
You may have been through the '70s, '80s, '90s, and the early 2000s, and you've got some wisdom in you that I need.
" I pray for the elders to have a soft heart toward the young people and say, "Listen, you can glean it.
" It's their time of impartation—that is what I'm saying.
But there will be a lot of them, I've seen, because of their health and certain issues, that the enemy would want them to go home early, and we don't want them going home.
That's just what I see, and so I pray for these older generals.
We pray for their hearts, we pray for their bodies.
John Kilpatrick and these elders, pray for their health because the Lord told me John Kilpatrick would be a major voice in the end times—leaders who are not flaky in their doctrine, where you have some people with some backbone who stand for something that's good, like it was back in the revival of Brownsville.
They've been through it; they lived it.
They may not have done everything always right, but who has?
Nobody.
I don't know anybody.
But at least you can learn something from their good things and their bad stuff and say, "Listen, there's something there.
" That's why Oral Roberts was a diamond.
Look at what he did.
He was a pioneer of the healing revival, went throughout the whole world, and nobody had really done it before him in this generation.
He was a pioneer.
And there were certain people who had the opportunity to sit with him and break bread with him, who got a glimpse of something and learned something from him.
That's why I said "The Ultimate Voice" by Oral Roberts will change your life.
It's one of, I think, the last books he ever wrote.
And I told Diana, she reads it to me every year.
Every year we read "The Ultimate Voice" by Oral Roberts, and without fail, we always read Oral Roberts at the beginning of the year.
Read that book, and read it again and again, because of the wisdom that comes out of that book, it will change your life.
We get books all the time from people and you go, "What life experiences do you have to write a book?
" Not trying to dog your circumstance, but I like to read the books of somebody who has been through something and come out—going through the valley of the shadow of death and they didn't stay there.
They may smell like a little smoke, but they have a testimony to tell about it.
Give me some!
Don't just write a book to write a book.
You know, there's a lot of people writing books.
I want something that has some oomph to it, where you have something that you imparted.
You walked through some hell and you got on the other side of it, and it changed you because you didn't park your tent there and have a woe-is-me mentality.
I get tired of that; I don't want to hear it.
It's like people who are snot-nosed, like, "Shut up and sit down.
" Let's hear somebody who's been through something, who's come out not smelling, and has some integrity up in here.
They don't have a scandal in their ministry where you walk away going, "That's so disappointing.
" Don't you get disappointed with that stuff?
I know people have stuff they go through, but folks, I just want to glean from somebody who's been in ministry like Oral Roberts for 60-plus years or whatever it was, and is still standing strong on his deathbed and going home, and you go, "Wow.
" Or Kenneth Hagin.
That's why we listen to Hagin all day today.
Brother Hagin, we listen to Brother Hagin more than anything.
And Kathryn Kuhlman, we listen and listen and listen to it.
And you go, 'I've already...
' Paisley goes, 'Daddy, I'm memorizing this.
' I said, 'Yes, that's when it gets down inside of you.
' 'I know this, Dad.
' Yeah.
That's when it changes you.
You don't just hear it.
Faith cometh by hearing and hearing and hearing and hearing.
That's when it changes you.
When it changes you from the inside out is how many times you've heard it over and over and over again.
And I listen, Brother Hagin, I'm telling you, I've listened to some of his sermons probably, no exaggeration, 30 or 40 times.
You go, 'I know what he's going to say before he says it,' but that's when it gets you.
It's going to change you.
So, I don't know, hopefully that helps y'all.
Do they have anything else?
They're asking if you saw any more things about the volcano.
I haven't seen any more about the volcano.
In fact, I asked the Father about the volcanoes.
I said, 'Lord, you said these things are going to happen.
Why do we have a lull?
What happened?
' A lull, lull.
It seems like it was escalating, escalating, escalating, and then it gets deflated like a balloon.
Isn't it interesting?
To me, when you pray into it and you see it, and the volcanoes and the earthquakes are happening all out there in the Ring of Fire, and it happened like all the time, and then all of a sudden it went—and I'm like, is that our prayers or are you waiting?
I feel something is about to happen, and He's waiting.
How does the UN handle Israel in the next week or two weeks?
What's going to happen with the rest of this month, a September to remember?
What are we looking at?
What I saw from the fifth on, with the fog over it with a circle around it.
Why?
What?
What's going on with that?
We're praying into that.
Something is about to happen where everything will change within a 24-hour period.
A major shaking, a point of no return in the spirit realm.
And I believe it has to do with the 23rd.
What are you looking at?
They're all asking about the thousand years and then it's all coming.
The thousand years.
Oh, it's so beautiful.
I never talk about it because I don't have scripture to back it, so I don't ever...
I know I talk about a lot of this other stuff, but when it comes to biblical stuff, I try not to touch things because people get real ticked off.
It's like the people, the flat-earthers and the round-earthers.
You know, people have both scriptures.
I can back up both of why they believe it's flat earth and why I believe it's a round earth.
When I went to heaven and I saw it as I was leaving, it's a massive ball.
It's a massive planet.
Now, I'm just telling you what I saw, but there's no darkness; it's completely light.
But it's tucked away in the universe as a ripple.
I can see it.
I'll tell y'all.
I'll tell you some things.
You go, 'Well, I don't know about that.
' Well, whatever you ask.
It's tucked away.
I only know how to describe it like this: if you were to take the galaxies and pull them out like a blanket, how you can move the whole universe and the galaxies.
It's movable.
And the planet heaven is a massive ball, a massive planet, and it is huge, bigger than Jupiter, huge.
And I could see it hidden in a dimension all around, and the glory from God's glory was shining, and the whole place was glowing.
There's no darkness.
There's no darkness, but it's all split up, and you can see the land and you can see everything.
And I'm telling you, it's way out there.
But this is what I saw, and it's glorious.
Every time they go there, people are going to something, right?
And you see it when you get there.
But I'm talking about as you're there.
It's an actual 'as earth as it is in heaven' place.
It's an actual place.
I know it may be controversial, but I'm just telling you what I saw.
It's an actual place, and it's beautiful.
And everything in heaven is gorgeous.
Even the horses, even the bridles on the horses, even everything.
Everything is beautiful and spectacularly made, created for pleasure and glory for you, and love for you—everything: the plates, the mugs, everything, the trees, the flowers.
They're gorgeous colors like you've never seen before.
Beautiful colors.
There's nothing I can tell you on this earth.
Even this red does not compare to what I saw on flowers there.
Like, this is pathetic, and this is a bright red pillow.
But I'm telling you, it's the most beautiful.
Like, you want to eat it.
I don't know, I'm heavy because I want to eat everything, but I'm just saying everything to me looks edible.
Like, look at that, you could eat that.
It's a flower.
I'm sorry, it's not funny, but it is.
But that's how beautiful it looks like.
Oh my goodness, you look like you could bite that, like take that and put that in your mouth.
But that's how beautiful it was.
As I see these things and the Lord allows me, as I saw Lucy and them praying at the chairs, everything is so gorgeous looking through the tunnels.
I've seen so much.
The Lord has allowed me to see.
But on the thousand years, I'll tell you this: where Jesus stays, where His temple is, the columns of this thing are amazing, all of the steps going up to it, and the robes on the people.
Okay, every one of you will be rewarded for what you did on this earth and what you do on this earth, for the rewards that are displayed upon your robes.
Every one of us has different patches and things, kind of like the military, how you have all this stuff up here for the rank of the military on your lapel, on your chest, saying the rank of your military.
But your coat of many colors is a robe.
Okay, and every single person has different things: how much you gave out of love, versus those things that you pray in secret, you are rewarded openly.
If you give in secret, you're rewarded openly.
If you fast and you don't display yourself—I'm talking about things that you do in private and behind closed doors, you're rewarded openly.
Now, if you got a lot of praise for it over here, you don't get praise over there, right?
You know what I'm talking about?
It's like it's about things you do in humble sowing.
That's why I said everything you sowed in this life, the years you have are seeds for what you'll reap in the thousand years.
So if you sow like a janitor or a nursery worker, you sow those seeds to reap for the end of the thousand years.
Great reward.
But your rank of who you are in the thousand years, from what I saw, is displayed upon your garments.
I saw a family member when he goes home.
I saw when he goes home, he has a golden necklace of squares because of how he gave a lot of money.
This is one of my wife's relatives, and he gave a lot of money.
But I saw his reward and what he looks like in his glorified body.
He looks brand new, like a young man again, because this man is elderly; he's in his 90s.
But I saw the gold around his neck, and he had rewards for everything that he had done on the earth, secretly sowing to ministries, helping out ministries, doing things with the gospel.
But he had rewards upon his garments, like badges, beautiful things, diamonds, things like that, beautiful things that were rewards for what you did over here.
And that's the way your garments were.
And each one now, here's another thing: you have a seal on you, and you are sealed by the Lord.
And I saw it on their hips.
Each person represented your rank of what you were doing in the end times.
Like you have a medal, but it was on you.
You were sealed by the blood.
You were sealed by him.
But I saw an insignia, like a tattoo, saying it was on you, of what one was like—like when you see a Purple Heart for somebody who got wounded in war here in America, you have a Purple Heart.
That's the kind of purple that was on some of these medals.
It was beautiful gold, and they were like a crest, a royal crest.
Some of them were bronze, some of them were gold, some of them were silver, but each one of them had something to do with what you were called to do in the thousand years.
And I saw that, and it was really cool because each one of them had some kind of rank of what they were doing.
And each one of them had their robes.
And Jesus had a beautiful crown on his head, beautiful the way he rules and reigns.
But there are certain people that are talking to him, okay?
And as they talk to him, they're writing down and describing everything that he's saying in words, delivering it in a chain of command to the others.
And they will come to him like scribes, kind of like The Chosen.
You know how I believe it was Matthew who was always writing down everything Jesus said.
This is the way it was when he does it here.
And I saw that there were tablets, and they were writing it down with quill pens, and they were writing down everything the Lord was saying as he was decreeing things from his place of command, Jerusalem.
And he was there, and I saw this temple, and it was gorgeous.
It was all stone, like Greek, like Roman, you know what I'm talking about, those old, beautiful...
everything was beautiful, and that's the way it was.
But he had steps going up to it.
I could see the steps, and there were steps going up to where he was, and he was ruling there.
There were all kinds of beautiful colors and lace and things in this throne where his chair was.
Does that make sense?
Because he had a chair, beautiful like a throne, and that's the way it looked.
It was all decorative and gorgeous.
And so the Lord allowed me to see this, but the sky was beautiful again.
Do you remember whenever I told you all that all of a sudden, when we're translated there, the trees are back in the Garden of Eden again?
There's no death on the branches.
Everything is alive, like it was in the Garden of Eden again.
The trees become ginormous.
All the plants and all the stuff, there's no death.
We can see right now, if I go outside in my yard, I can point to a dead branch in the tree.
I can point to dead leaves because it's turning fall.
There was no dead.
I could not see any dead in the plants or anything.
And everybody shows up.
They're translated there, just like Star Trek.
That's all I can try to describe it with.
They're all there like this, and we just show up.
I don't know where we're coming from, either from heaven or whatever.
I don't know.
But I could see the people, and they were all over, and the green grass was beautiful.
Everything was perfect.
But the sky was making a noise.
The sky was singing.
The sky was vibrating.
There was some kind of noise coming from the sky.
It was alive.
I don't know why, but it was vibrating.
It was like a noise.
Do you know how they say—I'm saying a lot tonight, y'all—do you know whenever they say church bells, when you ring old church bells, there are vibrations from those bells that have healing properties?
There's some kind of noise, frequencies.
I know it's sound out there, and I'm not new age—I'm trying to tell you it's not new age, I'm not trying to be—I'm trying to tell you there's frequency in sound, and that the sound from the sky, there's some kind of sound, but it's not obnoxious, it's not evil, it's beautiful.
I try to explain with my words, but it's very hard to tell you.
It's beautiful.
So everything when you get over there is perfect, and everything's going to be glorious for the church, for us as the body.
So, those are the glimpses.
I guess there's some more there, but for another day.
Well, I pray this video blessed you all today.
I truly do.
I hope you have an expectation for Jesus to do something great in your life, to be looking up, for he's coming soon, to have a smile on your face and a song in your heart to say, 'Jesus, I love you,' every single day, and have an expectation of it—that he's going to do something big in your life like he's done in mine.
I believe that he's no respecter of persons, and I believe he'll do what he's done for one, he'll do for another if you seek him and you will find him.
If you knock, the door will be opened unto you.
God bless you all, and we'll see you again soon.
We love you so much.
Thank you for subscribing.
Thank you for being a part of this YouTube channel.
We'll see you again.
God bless you all.
Bye-bye.